content/Overview.md, before:

---
title: Overview
type: index
weight: 10
---


The 1st International Conference on Machine Learning and Statistics (**MLSTAT**) will be held
- **Date**: <span style="font-size:150%">August 25-26, 2023</span>. 
- **Localtion**: <span style="font-size:150%">Minhang Campus, East China Normal University, Shanghai, China</span>.
- **Aim**: The Machine Learning and Statistics Conference (MLSTAT) is an academic conference that serves to facilitate scholarly exchange among domestic and international scholars in the fields of machine learning and statistics. Through fostering an academic culture that promotes the mutual development of machine learning and statistics, the conference aims to advance foundational disciplines such as data science and artificial intelligence, and thereby contribute to the development of related digital economic industries.
- **Conference Sponsor**: 中国现场统计研究会机器学习分会.
- **Conference Orgnizer**:\
  华东师范大学统计学院-回到最初版本\
  华东师范大学统计交叉科学研究院\
  统计与数据科学前沿理论及应用教育部重点实验室\
  统计应用与理论研究创新引智基地
________________________________________

<!--
- If you've previously attended a Crested Butte event and need a break on the
  fee, <a href="/contact">make a request</a>. Don't let the fee be the reason
  you can't attend.
-->
<br/>
<div style="text-align:center;font-size:175%;font-weight:bold">
<a href = "/registration">Registration</a>
</div>

<hr style="border: 0; border-top: 5px solid;">

- **TBA**

Commit message:

add translation and delete sponsor

content/Overview.md, after:

---
title: Overview
type: index
weight: 10
---


The 1st International Conference on Machine Learning and Statistics (**MLSTAT**) will be held
- **Date**: <span style="font-size:150%">August 25-26, 2023</span>. 
- **Localtion**: <span style="font-size:150%">Minhang Campus, East China Normal University, Shanghai, China</span>.
- **Aim**: The Machine Learning and Statistics Conference (MLSTAT) is an academic conference that serves to facilitate scholarly exchange among domestic and international scholars in the fields of machine learning and statistics. Through fostering an academic culture that promotes the mutual development of machine learning and statistics, the conference aims to advance foundational disciplines such as data science and artificial intelligence, and thereby contribute to the development of related digital economic industries.
- **Conference Orgnizers**:\
  Machine Learning Branch of the Chinese Association for Applied Statistics\
  School of Statistics, East China Normal University\
  Academy of Statistical and Interdisciplinary Sciences, East China Normal University\
  Key Laboratory of Advanced Theory and Application in Statistics and Data Science - MOE\
  Statistical Application and Theoretical Research Overseas Expertise Introduction Center for Discipline Innovation\
________________________________________

<!--
- If you've previously attended a Crested Butte event and need a break on the
  fee, <a href="/contact">make a request</a>. Don't let the fee be the reason
  you can't attend.
-->
<br/>
<div style="text-align:center;font-size:175%;font-weight:bold">
<a href = "/registration">Registration</a>
</div>

<hr style="border: 0; border-top: 5px solid;">

- **TBA**
